Understanding of the Data Model:

The BankMaster data is just all the banks(who have some sort of credit card discount), their names along with the respective Bank ID in the database.

The CategoryMaster Data is all of the Categories that vito is offering discount in, with a foreign key type link to the primary key of the same table (CategoryID).

The CustomerMaster data is of each customer who has registered to Vito via Google+/Facebook, 
having the name,service provider of mobile no, gender, and registered date mostly.

events_data is a sort of logs of users who are viewing various parts of the android app. 
For example if the user viewed certain offer which was shown to him it shows in the logs as "event_type":"OfferViewed", or any type of event generated by the user like "click". 
So if the user clicks on the Offer recommended to him he generates a sort of "onclick" event and hence this gets logged into our database. 
It also logs all of the information related to the user like is he using android app, whats the version of his android OS, 
basically what platform the user used to view the offer.

MerchantMaster is the database of all of the sellers either online or offline who have registered themselves or 
who want to advertise their offers on the Vito network. Moreover its sorted for ONLINE stores based on their Alexa Rank, 
with lower the number higher the rank. (eg: Flipkart:79) means flipkart has the highest Alexa Rank, 
While the offline stores have their Alexa Ranks 0 or NULL which is quite obvious. 
Each Merchant has his own unique MerchantID as the primary key.

OfferCategory is the database linking the Categories and the Offers. 
It is the table having both the foreign keys linking to the category as well as offer master table's primary keys. 
It is essential for us to study the patterns such as, what category's offer is being selected the most,
which category is popular in todays market etc.
Because if we see there are more offers in clothing category when theres an upcoming wedding season, 
or its holidays upcoming we could recommend more of them rather than something like offers related to baby products. 

OfferLocation is the database to link the offline shops with the shop database in order 
to show the exact address of the shop where the user can avail the said offer.

OfferMaster is our main database, it has all the unique IDs of all of the offers any Merchant has made with in detail description of the offer. 
EG: When was it started, when will it end(expiry date), its detailed description etc.

Then theres another table Seller which links the offers made by the Merchant with the Merchants Id. 
Basically its a many is to many relation hence we make separate a separate table having the primary keys of both of the tables. 
Why is it many is to many? A same offer can be made by two or more merchants, while 1 merchant can make 2 or more offers!

Shop data is the database of the offline shops. It contains their address etc, and each shop has their unique shop ID which was linked with offers in the OfferLocation table.

Then there is a payment table which logs the data related what kind of payment method was used to avail the offers, 
and the merchant whose offer was taken as well as what bank was used.